d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.dll.config
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Test.WebAPI.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Test.WebAPI.pdb
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.dll
d:\users\nagg16\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test.WebAPI\Test.WebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\Test.WebAPI.Tests.pdb
